The Joe Rogan experience. Isn't it history. Great though.
Like to have all this stuff and go through all the different theories and well
what's,
what's crazy with history is now we can see it before people just told it.
It wasn't until like the 20th century that really people saw it. Yeah.
Before that it was just people telling stories about stuff.
Who knows what's real. Yeah. Like from the 17 hundreds.
And the you to piece it together from multiple accounts, but it's really hard.
That' that's the Bible, isn't it? Oh, the Bible's even worse. The Bible's,
I mean, it's a bunch of stories of,
it's not just that a bunch of stories translated.
That's what I' I'm saying from, so from the bunch of shitload of people.
For sure it got translated and all that with the Bible, but for sure, I I'm a,
in my heart I'm a hundred. I,
I believe that a hundred percent that there is some stuff in the Bible.
That's the real. There is the, it comes from the real.
It got distorted and translated and all that's. What do you mean by the real?
Like a, like, it's a manual on how to live your life, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah. You know what I mean? If you, these are rules,
like maybe God is the idea. Maybe God is the,
and Jesus is the frequency you wanna get in that frequency of life.
Don't deceive anybody don't kill, kill each other, each other up.
Then youll be in that zone. Don' that's what God is. Like. Maybe the book is a,
a manual it's gotta be, because there's one thing, like I said,
I'm balls deep and, and, uh, try to find the truth. Sometimes I'm wrong,
whatever truth. But a lot of guys, a lot of guys, uh,
three different guys that I looked up to and looked and asked for information,
cuz they were so into a certain area that I wasn't into. I'm like, tell me more,
tell me more. And they are like, my mentors at the end did all of 'em.
They're starting to look into the Bible.
And I remember the first guy back in like 2005 when I was like full blown,
like the, you know, against religion and all that. Um, I would say, dude,
what are you doing, dude? You showed me the wagon.
And now you're looking in the Bible that goes, I know it sounds crazy,
but you gotta, you gotta, you gotta look into it too.
There's this isn't just a book with crazy fairy tales. This is some real.
What it is. And I was a historical account of the times.
So the people that lived back then as best they could tell it translated down
over thousands of years, the still there's some absolute truths in the Bible.
Yeah. And there's some great guides to live your life,
but there's also some nonsense for sure. Walking on water, all that stuff.
Not just that.
You maybe ignore the nonsense.
God sicked, uh,
two bears on these kids that were making fun of those dude for being.
Bald, that the Jack and Jill stories. For sure. For sure. Definit.
For sure. If that's in there,
you have to wonder how much of any of the original men, me, uh, stories.
Well, if.
You look at the mainstream history of like Catholicism,
I grew up Catholic who didteriorat right? Yeah. Catholic Christian, Christian.
Well, um, the branch, the mainstream story, you know the.
Name of branch Lutheran. Uh, is that a branch? No, what's what's the,
what's the normal one. Protestant Baptist Protestant. Uh you'.
Are not, not the Baptist. I'm.
Not the i'mitarian no, I'm, I'm a dentist.
You're agnostic, right? You're not sure. Deist.
What if I believe there's a God, but I don't believe in like Jesus or okay.
You think when you think about there's a God, like what,
what's the thought that comes through your head? Like what do you,
you thinking when you, when you say, I think there's a God.
I think there there's a higher being, do you know a thing? I don't know. I,
I don't know. I think, I think that's, I think there's,
there's the energy in our body goes somewhere. There's something that makes us,
you know, like I can, I can feel certain things like love or intuition,
stuff like that. That, that has to be something, you know,
Mmhmm <affirmative> I think that goes somewhere.
I don't think there's a heaven in hell. Jordan Peterson.
Has some really good advice on that.
He said whether or not you believe in a God,
he goes live as if God is real and this real benefits.
I believe that. I think it, it really,
if you really do have that kind of gratitude and humility that you're,
you're being watched over by a loving God. Yeah.
I don't think there's a benefit to thinking.
Like that. That it's just about doing the right thing. Yep.
It's all about how do we get the people to do the right thing?
And I believe there's a God because, um, a couple things, you know, when,
when I, I did DMT, uh, I went into, I thought, okay, there's more,
there's way more to this reality, this dimension that, um,
that's out there seeing all the time for sure. And then the more, um,
the more I get into, uh, you know, trying to find out what we're on and what,
what this is all about. And then you look at the mainstream.
I think someone created what we're in, whatever you wanna,
whatever you think this is thinks of simulation.
I think this is something I don't, I don't believe in simulationion either.
Why don'tt you believe in simulation?
There's.
Just me out. When you think about your kids and that bugs me.
Out. There's no evidence Mm-m but um, uh, but it could be true. It could be,
but there there's, but.
You know, serial evidence, really smart people. Don't just say I don't go.
Byonsensus not only is there not only is there evidence,
but if you look at probability theory, what was that guy's name? Um, the was,
uh, the, the, the guy Nick Bolstrom. We talked about it in depth.
And he said, according to probability theory, it's more likely that we're in a,
in a simulation. Maybe, maybe,
maybe that's true because the fact that simulat simulat's, but that's, I,
you measure't believe I' almost inevitable if,
unless we get disrupted by nature,
unless we get hit with an asteroid or start a nuclear war, it's inevitable.
The technology reaches a point where simulation's possible. Well, if you.
Watch Rick and Mor, that's.
What it is. Well, if, if simulation is real,
then the simulation goes on forever in the space that everyone thinks there.
Is, it could be a part, an evilinfinite of life.
Computer. It's.
Not that, no, it's not that simple. It's like,
like it could be one of the facets of life.
Like we could be creating a simulation just through culture and society.
And that simulation is literally how we enter into another dimension.
We're looking at it like it's some nonsense thing. Yeah. Like it's a simulation.
Oh, it's just a SIM. It could literally be how dimensions are created.
They're created by creativity and ingenuity and, and,
and innovation over long periods of time with millions of people working in
conjunction, different people,
figuring out processing power hour and coding and all these different things.
And next thing you know, you've got these there's there's these, uh,
virtual reality places. Like we have an Oculus out there that you could put on.
Yeah. And you could do all these games. It's really fun.
But there's some virtual reality places.
Now that you go into a warehouse and you go through this whole thing, you know,
there's a, there's a place that's in Disneyland and there's a,
another place down the street called sandbox. And you play games. Oh, there's.
A, there's an arcade. There's VR arcade at the Westfield mall on.
A Riverside. That's called. Uh, but there's one right here, parallel universe.
But don't you think if we're in a simulationion's you believe we're in a
simulation. If I was right in the head,
it be ways for me to commit suicide.
If I just thinking this is a whole simulation.
Yeah. I mean, you, it get dark. There's a lot of variables.
There's a lot of variables about why should I just do whatever I want?
There's just a simulation. It' a simulation.
It doesn't count. Doesn't.
I don't think it's that simple. I think all the rules apply. I think what,
what they're trying to say is if human beings keep going,
we definitely will create a simulation. It's just a matter of time.
So if that's the case, how do we know that we're not in one already?
And we really don't every day we go to sleep and every day we wake up and we
assume, and we have faith that,
all that stuff that we remember is really how life went on before we were awake.
But we really don't know really you don't when you black out and then come back
to who, oh, knows. What's transpiring. Who knows where your consciousness goes,
who knows where you are. You're gone. Eight hours seems like a second.
All of a sudden, you're foggy a couple minutes to wake up and boom,
where'd that time go? Where are you? Who are you?
You're assuming that all of the stuff that you know,
and all the stuff that you experience is a hundred percent real.
But what if it is real? Would do you mean if the simulation is real? No.
If the simulation.
Isn't real and we are on this earth'spossible down. Forpossible you know,
like when it comes, when it comes to simulation theory. No. Yeah, yeah.
I thinkpossible. The odds of that are, but the,
but the passing out is a bad example.
But the good example is that we are within a hundred years away
from making something that's, indesceerible from what we experience every day.
And that's inevitable, it seems like just how people do it.
And what I'm saying is that might literally be how your consciousness
transforms into whatever next stage of existence there is. We might,
it might be something that human beings do.
Like a caterpillar makes a cocoon and becomes a butterfly human beings
make crazy technology.
And I think that's one of the reasons why we're so invested in materialism.
Everybody loves things. They love shiny things love, especially the new ones.
All of you at the newest car, it's even faster.
The newest computer has better graphics new. She is. And as all this stuff,
as we're paying for newer and better, it's fueling all this innovation,
which making crazier and crazier technology until artificial intelligence,
until we create something that you can't turn off or you or.
You download your consciousness and you just, you just, you know,
you can download and another body.
Or another simulation is then what that might be. What a simulation is,
what a simulation might be is that when we open this up with sufficient power
and technology and processing power,
whenever you are might go into this thing, that's.
A bit of a bummer though, right? I don't know when you think about it,
like let's say when you're a hundred and finally technology there,
just download your consciousness into another body. You just keep going.
It's like, man, this is it. I don't know. This is it. We don't go on.
It's that's depressing as to me. It's kind, what's kind of FA I mean, what,
what are we, that's the thing it's like,
what the are we when we're thinking and talking,
when you're thinking of yourself, like you like you,
when you are using the word, I, I am going to do this. I'm going,
what does that mean? Like, where are you? You, you are,
you are this strange being, that's got a, a, a finite lifespan.
It's not really that long. Not at all. You know what I mean?
Eddie and I are middle aged. If we're lucky, you're on the back.
You're on the back night. We're in the back nine. Yeah. I'm homeless then. Yeah.
And, and then you die. So what, what is going on while you're live?
It's all guesswork, man. We don't know what this is.
And everyone is involved in the guesswork from the highest levels of government
down to the, the poorest people world. Everyone's guessing. It's all weird.
It's all real weird. And it's all we're gonna die.
And the next generation's gonna pick up and the next generation after them's
gonna pick up. But, but life is a because of technology and science. You're,
you know, the, the average lifespan's going like this, it is. But also you,
you have more information. You can look at history, you can look at how long,
and we've been here. The more they start,
they just found another asteroid impact from 800,000 years ago. Jesus.
They knew we were a hit 800,000 years ago, but now they've located the crater.
It's.
Like, whered you read that in the library?
Yes. I've watched it on YouTube. <laugh> this it's becoming this. You know,
people are, are realizing like there's,
there's only been a short amount of time where human beings have even human.
We've only been human for half a million years at the most.
Sometimes that stuff bumps you out, especially you have kids, you know,
it's weird. Well, if, but think about it this way, if you were a neiantal or a,
you know, a Australia epitheus and you know,
you were told that your species is gonna go extinct.
You think all the good times you had killing musksrats and cooking,
'em over the fire with the, your kids and, and hiding from Jaguars and.
You think all those good times like this is, we're not gonna be us anymore.
Like no, no, no. So you.
Think you think of this as a computer simulation? At what point?
Like when did it start? Like in 18 hundreds, the 16 hundreds, uh,
200, a D 5,000 BC. When did,
when was beginning of this simulation?
Who knows, man, we don't know.
There's a video game where you create your own worlds. SIM city, baby. No, no,
no more crazy. There's a video game where you literally create a universe,
you create a planet, you put things on it. And like,
what is that game called you and Jamie, what is it? Odd world. No man sky.
No man's sky. Yeah. Um, I think that's what you're talking about.
That could be what the universe is. I mean, the whole thing about the big bang,
like the big bang means that the entire universe was smaller than the head of a
pin at one point in time. Somewhere that no, but hold on a second.
So the universe smaller than the head of a pen, boom,
explodes becomes everything. Well, what started that? Well,
how do we not know that? That was when somebody,
somebody press start on a program. ' how do we, even.
That even happened? Like the,
the theory is billions of years ago out of nothing, everything exploded you.
What do you think happened? Well, you know who came up with it?
You becoming religious army. Me, you know, you know who came up with it?
Oh dude, if.
You start talking about Jesus, Eddie. No, no, no.
You come up with a big bang. You can look this up right now.
The big bang is a priest from the Vatican. A priest came up with that. There.
Was a theor sign. Yeah. Scientist didn't Nope. A priest. Are you sure?
A million percent.
So he was the first Eddie, but you know, and.
I know I, I have a good idea. Why, why that's gonna take like 10 minutes?
Can I have another? Yeah.
Please.
Get someone, this ice in that thing, you.
Know, you, if we're in a simulation, you're talking about, you know,
the homeless guy or the, the kid starving in Ethiopia, right? He's like,
what the dude? Or the guy grinding his way out or the,
the single mother of five working can at McDonald's. Oh yeah. He's like,
what kind of, who the chose this? Right? What is going on here, man? So only,
I feel like only people who are higher up and people that have money say we're
in a simulation. That's the guy at McDo I bet you, there's not one dude.
We're gonna, McDonald's going. I think he's a simulation dude. <laugh>.
That's true. But that's just because when you're struggling to, for survival,
everything is more important. Like you you're on the edge.
But the thing about a guy like Yon Musk,
who's one of the proponents of the simulation theory's thing about a guy like
him is he's got enough resources to relax a little bit,
but also he is involved in technology every day.
And he's probably one of the smartest people on earth and he's financially
stable. So he can stop and think and think about things in a way where he's not,
he he's not overburdened by like, he has stresses for sure.
And obligations for sure. Massive ones, three giant companies.
But what he doesn't have is like survival stress,
survival stress about be like being poor or being in danger, but Al but also.
The level that, that, where his IQ is so high, right.
He's on a different frequency. He might be too smart.
There's a lot of things where, when he speaks, I go, yeah, he's smart as. I,
I don't agree with them. You know, I like, that's not.
Once I start seeing like, um, organic matter, like, uh,
body parts and they, they, you watch it under like some, um,
microscopes. Yeah. And you see some like computer numbers and stuff,
then I'd be like, oh. What are you talking about for me to believe,
to take com uh, that we live in a computer simulation. Seriously.
I'd have to see like, evidence like that. You know?
Well, if it, if it is a computer simulation, Eddie,
that means everything that's physical,
you're experiencing in a simulated way.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so it could be everything it could like if you are,
if it's just your mind experiencing things that your mind translate as being
physical sensations, real, why would it have.
Numbers? I, I get it. And maybe we do live in a simulation. I I'm just saying,
I just don't say see any.
Evidence of that. How about count at three 30 though?
Oh yeah. We knew it. I told you call. I said, we're not waiting for him.
It's four o'clock no. Yeah. Look, I'm not saying that we're in a simulation.
What I'm saying is I think things are a lot weirder than anybody wants to admit.
Or, or we're just overthinking it or, or,
or there's so much information the internet and you know, there's smart people.
We're just overthinking everything and there is no stimulaion, there's that too.
Once you live your life, it's over, man. Lights' out could be, could.
Be. We wanna think there's something. We wanna think there's something next,
because we wanna hope that our contributions are permanent and that we're gonna,
we're gonna somehow another come back in another life.
That's where kids coming to play. Right? Yep. Your seeds.
And also that also the way you treat people and the things that you rub off on
other people. Yeah. And they start to carry it on.
Thank.